[Music]
welcome to slash forward in this episode
we're continuing our journey into the
endless void of despair with the 2019
film Daniel isn't real let's get to it
we open on a tumultuous cosmic storm
before transitioning naturally to a
diner here we get a barista eye view of
John Thigpen busting in and shotgunning
up the joint
we then hover over a couple arguing
about the strain on their relationship
resulting from clears refusal to take
her medication this drives Luke outside
for some fresh air and metropolitan
sightseeing
which ends up being the inciting event
for Luke conjuring up a new friend
Daniel who we quickly learned ain't not
fake they become fast friends because he
likes everything Luke likes but is also
prone to jealousy
to see me oof this prompts Daniel to
attempt to work his way back into
Claire's good graces with a special
recipe recovery shape she pulls through
despite his best efforts and convinces
Luke to lock Daniel away this works and
over time the pounding of the door fades
into distant memory
we flash-forward to Luke in college that
still quirky as ever with his mob
situation at home deteriorating he makes
a go of living a normal college life but
his head is full of jacobian nightmares
this drives him to visit a psychologist
who flips the script on his ass by
recommending he forgo fear and try to
reconnect with his hallucinations on his
way home from the session he has a brief
meeting youth with abrasive skater girl
Cassie when he arrives at his boyhood
residence he dusts off Daniels mansion
he wakes up later to his mom's brain
breaking as she shatters all reflective
surfaces in the house he surprised to
find Daniel aged up and able to guide
him through the episode successfully as
they catch up Cassie arrives to return
Luke's wallet and as he gathers together
a small reward daniel guides him through
this interaction as well resulting in an
invite to an art exhibit he arrives just
in time to break up a bottle fight and
breaks a cardinal rule by following this
hippy to a second location we then
learned through montage that Daniel
helps Luke in a variety of ways and soon
they're back to their old hijinks with
Luke finding renewed confidence in his
capabilities with this they go prowling
at a college party finding the choicest
unease and scouring digits Windu gets a
little too loose we see him fade and
Daniel begin experimenting with his body
as Luke becomes more confident we find
him venturing outside of Daniels sphere
of assistance or worse
where I am if you're gone and you shall
have no other God before me much to
Daniel's chagrin as this progresses
Daniel becomes more agitated but then
Cassie shows Luca painting she did that
depicts a dark presence over his
shoulder reaffirming the importance of
Daniel's influence this is momentarily
distressing but then the advantages of
physicality reassert themselves and
Daniel goes to his dark place
Daniel tries to inject some chaotic
energy into Luke's life by doing some
sleep texting later inviting some girls
over for beers and cocaine they find
themselves exploring some steam tunnels
under campus in his altered state Daniel
is able to convince Luke it's not
cheating if someone else borrows your
genitalia to use on another person and
they merge and Daniel enjoys a few
moments of the Corporal but prone to
indulgences he goes too far
on the brink of being kicked out of
school and losing everything Luke
resolves to force him back out of his
mind he visits his mom at the ward to
learn she had her own awakening around
the same age but is unable to help him
he begins to spiral out of control
having visions and dark thoughts and
getting only lackluster assistance from
his therapist who attempts talk therapy
to drive away his hallucinations with
Dale doing weird stuff like creeping
into his mouth while he sleeps and at
the risk of losing what remains of his
social progress he chokes down his pills
but Daniel is unfazed by this however
after a good restful sleeps and Layton
memories in the dark recesses of Luke's
mind shake loose presenting themselves
for examination he tracks down John
thick pins father seeking his help in
the hope that knowledge will free him
from the shackles of his mind he takes
him to John's cozy mancave and shows him
some drawings which do little to calm
him as they would seem to indicate
Daniel may in fact be a separate entity
latching itself to his psyche he
immediately visits Cassie to verify what
the shadow was she saw and if she can
identify the presence as what John drew
in his picture but that's not how it
worked for her and he quickly makes
himself unwelcome Luke seeks help from
his psychologist who recommends double
hypnosis in order to have a talk with
this daniel character and find out what
up he does compel Daniel to show himself
but as a separate apparition which is
unexpected and alarming with luke
subdued and docile he shows how he does
what he does which involves splaying
loose mouth open like a heifer birthing
a calf Luke awakes to fresh horrors
finding bran dead and meeting face to
face with the true Daniel who now forces
Luke into the mansion then school's out
for summer as daniel suits up and visits
Cassie inside Luke finds Daniels room of
Secrets as can
he realizes who's in control and Daniel
recognizes her realization with no more
pretenses he shows himself to her
playfully rearranging Luke's face which
I am continuing to talk over now only as
an excuse to show you more Luke works
diligently on breaking out while Cassie
works on breaking Daniel's face inside
Luke is confronted by the last vestige
of John Thigpen who informs him he can
only escape by jumping into the abyss
which he does and then finds himself
lingering in Daniels periphery now he's
able to use the power of his imagination
to run Daniel through his Cassie escapes
they engage in your standard rooftop
live steel LARPing like a couple of
absolute maniacs and when Luke is unable
to get the upper hand he takes the
sacrifice to come out on top but with
dubious results and that was Daniel
isn't real another fantastic recent
horror movie that flew under the radar
if you get the chance you should
definitely watch this if you enjoyed the
video I'd love for you to become a part
of the channel by subscribing thanks for
watching